Let me see who dares to beat my wife
Ouch yo yo baby baby
Someone bullied your wife and son
You see my face is swollen
Worse than your master spanking me
Ouch, let's see who's fucking beating my wife
I won't take his damn hand off
I write this letter backwards
That's the poor guy.
Isn't this the sum total of summer food?
I can be the biggest cool gift box agent
It's all because of his care.
I'll give you another chance.
Now get down on your knees and slap yourself 100 times
I'll ask my husband to let you go
Otherwise, don't ask for it.
autumn
Or forget it.
We apologize.
It's too late to apologize now.
And you have this little clutter.
Kneel down and apologize to my son
Ah, you!
I said dare to scold him again
I'll tear your mouth apart
Husband, if you hate him again, hit me again
He dared to hit me in front of you
Husband, why are you hitting me?
I hit you, I can't fucking kill you
Do you know who that is?
That's Mr. Yi
Our top gifter
Mr. Yi
Anyway today
It's all my wife's fault
You have a lot.
Give him another chance.
Mr. Yi
Right?